# Tensorflow-for-Deep-Learning
# TensorFlow for Deep Learning 
### CNN, RNNs and other neural networks for unsupervised and supervised deep learning and everything implemnted using TensorFlow.  

      > Overview      
      Deep learning basics: What a neuron is and how neural networks connct neurons to learn complex functions;      how TensorFlow makes it easy to build neural network models.     Using Deep Learning for the famous ML problems: regression, classification, clustering and autoencoding     CNNs - Convolutional Neural Networks: Kernel functions, feature maps, CNNs v DNNs      RNNs - Recurrent Neural Networks: LSTMs, Back-propagation through time and dealing with vanishing/exploding gradients     Unsupervised learning techniques - Autoencoding, K-means clustering, PCA as autoencoding.      Working with images     Working with documents and word embedding’s     Google Cloud ML Engine: Distributed training and prediction of TF models on the cloud     Working with TensorFlow estimators.   
      > Objectives      Build and execute machine learning models on TensorFlow     Implement Deep Neural Networks, Convolutional           Neural Networks, and Recurrent Neural Networks     Understand and implement unsupervised learning models such as Clustering and Autoencoders  
      > About      TensorFlow is quickly becoming the technology of choice for deep learning, because of how easy TF makes it to build powerful and sophisticated neural networks. The Google Cloud Platform is a great place to run TF models at scale, and perform distributed training and prediction. This is a comprehensive, from-the-basics course on TensorFlow and building neural networks. It assumes no prior knowledge of Tensorflow, all you need to know is basic Python programming.
